Sanitize specs with response schema renaming (#13)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-sap.s4hana.delivery: README.md

[S/4HANA](https://www.sap.com/india/products/erp/s4hana.html) is a robust enterprise resource planning (ERP) solution,
designed for large-scale enterprises by SAP SE.

This repository encompasses all Ballerina packages pertaining to the S/4HANA transportation & delivery submodule.
Notably:

1. The `ballerinax/sap.s4hana.api_customer_returns_delivery_srv_0002` package offers APIs for seamless integration with
   the [Customer Returns Delivery API v2.1.0](https://api.sap.com/api/API_CUSTOMER_RETURNS_DELIVERY_SRV_0002/overview).
   This service enables users to read, create, update, and delete customer returns deliveries.

2. The `ballerinax/sap.s4hana.api_del_doc_with_credit_block` package offers APIs for seamless integration with
   the [Delivery Document with Credit Block API v1.0.0](https://api.sap.com/api/API_DEL_DOC_WITH_CREDIT_BLOCK/overview).

>    The service contains entities for credit blocked delivery document and reject reason. Once the delivery document has

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The service contains entities for credit-blocked delivery documents and rejection reasons. Once the delivery document has
```

   been checked, released, or rejected, a success message containing the document number is sent in the response.

3. The `ballerinax/sap.s4hana.api_outbound_delivery_srv_0002` package offers APIs for seamless integration with
   the [Outbound Delivery API v1.0.0](https://api.sap.com/api/API_OUTBOUND_DELIVERY_SRV_0002/overview). This service

>    enables you to create, read, update and delete outbound deliveries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   enables you to create, read, update, and delete outbound deliveries.
```
